feat(catalog-backend): add refresh-catalog-entity action (#34447)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/catalog-refresh-entity-mcp-action.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend': minor
---

> Added a `refresh-catalog-entity` action so agents and MCP clients can requeue a single entity for processing after creating or updating it — useful for reading back fresh data immediately after a scaffolder run without waiting for the next scheduled processing loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a `refresh-catalog-entity` action so agents and MCP clients can re-queue a single entity for processing after creating or updating it — useful for reading back fresh data immediately after a scaffolder run without waiting for the next scheduled processing loop.
```

> Added a new `refresh-catalog-entity` action to the catalog backend's `ActionsRegistryService`. The action triggers a refresh of a single entity identified by `kind` / `namespace` / `name` (kind defaults to `Component`, namespace defaults to `default`). It performs an existence check via `getEntityByRef` first and throws `NotFoundError` for missing entities. Exposed automatically as an MCP tool by `@backstage/plugin-mcp-actions-backend`.

Reviewer: You can shorten this to be more end user impact focused and have a bit less implementation detail.
